Good to see you again.
As promised in the previous video I
will now show you how to calculate
the probabilities of each
possible correct word.
>> Now that you have a list of actual
words you can move on to step four,
calculate worth probabilities.
The final step is to calculate
word probabilities and
find the most likely
word from the candidates.
For example the word and
is more common than the word and
in any given body of text
also called a corpus.
This is how auto correct knows which were
to substitute for the incorrect one.
To understand this better,
look at this example sentence.
I am happy because I am learning.
To calculate the probability of a word in
the sentence you need to first calculate
the word frequencies.
In addition you want to count the total
number of words in the body of text or
corpus.
Normally a corpus would be much larger.
Imagine every issue of a certain
magazine ever published or
all of the harry potter books.
To keep this example as simple as
possible the corpus here is defined as
this one sentence.
For example, the word I appears twice.
The word am appears twice also.
And so on for the rest of the words.
The total number of words
in this corpus is seven.
The probability of any word within
the corpus is the number of times the word
appears divided by
the total number of words.
For example the word am appears twice and
the size of the corpus is seven.
For auto correct, you find the word
candidate with the highest probability and
choose that word as the replacements and
that's it.
In summary to implement auto,
correct you did the following.
You entered a word to correct for
example the misspelled word deah.
Then follow the four steps inside the auto
correct model to get its replacement.
You identified there as being misspelled
by checking it against known words.
Then you made a list of all
the strings that are n edits away.
You filter this list of strengths to
include only the ones that are actual
words in a given dictionary.
And then you calculate that the word
probabilities for each of these words.
You selected the word with the highest
probability as the autocorrect replacement
and that was it.
That's a lot to cover.
But breaking it down step by step
gives you a good intuition for
how to implement auto correct.
This is something that will come in very
handy for the assignment, so well done.
Also you now understand edit and
edit distance and
how they can be used to measure
similarity between words.
Next, get ready to apply these concepts to
building a metric very common in NLP for
measuring similarity between words,
strings and many more.
>> You have seen the four steps
required to implement auto correct for
this week's programming assignments.
This is exciting.
Now in the next video we will look at how
we can evaluate similarity between two
strings, for example,
a word with a typo and the word without.